Updates the configuration introduction (#487)
quay/quay-docs: modules/config-updates-36.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="config-updates-36"]
= Configuration updates for {productname} 3.6

[id="new-configuration-fields-36"]
== New configuration fields

The following configuration fields have been introduced with {productname} 3.6: 

[options="header"]
|=== 
|Parameter |Description

> |**FEATURE_EXTENDED_REPOSITORY_NAMES** |Support for nested repositories and extended repository names has been added. This change allows the use of `/` in repository names needed for certain OpenShift Container Platform use cases. For more information, see xref:config-fields-nested-repositories[Configuring nested repositories].

Reviewer: I saw this attribute used elsewhere, so suggestion to use it here too:
```suggestion
|**FEATURE_EXTENDED_REPOSITORY_NAMES** |Support for nested repositories and extended repository names has been added. This change allows the use of `/` in repository names needed for certain {ocp} use cases. For more information, see xref:config-fields-nested-repositories[Configuring nested repositories].
```
